hi there
stroll from Jonesy's Auto Club and it's
been a little while since we've given
you an update on the 94 - a shop truck
that I bought at a salvage auction we
sent it out to the frame shop and we
just got it back they did a fantastic
job of getting this front core support
mount straightened out and pulled back
into position and we've just temporarily
kind of mocked up this the core support
in here as you can see the mounting bolt
just slips in and out really really well
and then we have this fender kind of
hung on the side of the truck and all of
its mounting bolts line up really well
as well so in terms of test-fitting this
front core support we're done we're
going to pull it out and pressure wash
it clean it up and then fog some paint
on it so that it's all like black and
when we have this out for the last time
we're going to go ahead and get the 22
re updated on all this maintenance this
truck has a 125,000 miles on it so while
we have access easy access I should say
we're going to go ahead and replace the
fan clutch the water pump and all the
belts and hoses so that it'll be ready
to rock and roll once it goes back
together so we're going to pull this
core support off I'm going to work on
the water pump and we'll get the front
end cleaned up and then I'll show you a
really cool trick on how to weld in the
core support
so we're finally at the moment of truth
we have cleaned up our core support I
finished every all the repairs and
maintenance that I needed you to the
front of the engine and I've got this
fender hanging on here for the final fit
before we actually weld the course
poured in so come up here and take a
look at what we've got this bolt hole
lines up flawlessly this one lines
upgrade and the one in the front lines
upgrade this one right here does not and
the reason it does not line up is
because we have the old section or the
existing truck section and the new core
support overlapping each other so what
I'm going to do now is I've gone ahead
and put some temporary bolts through
some holes that are just basically
acting as clamps to hold these two
pieces together so now I'm going to take
the body saw and a pair of vise grips
will hold this in together with a pair
of vise grips
try to get it as lined up as you can and
so I'm going to take the body saw and
I'm going to cut through both panels
because right now the panels are like
that and I want them to be like this
butting together so I'm going to take
the body saw and I'm going to cut
through both of them all the way through
both panels and that will create a seam
like this that I'll then go ahead and
tack my tack my way down the panel so
cut that I'll weld a little line
everything up weld a little bit cuts
more weld a little bit more cuts more
weld a little more and do that all the
way along this whole section so that it
is like it's one piece completely like
never been apart never been cut so I'm
going to get right down to it and you
guys can watch and see how it's done
you
so we went ahead and weld it out the
fender panels and then spread some seam
sealer over top of the weld to kind of
seal everything in and then we sprayed
some under coating there there you can
see kind of the seam sealer on the
inside of the fender so we'll coat that
with under coating on the inside of the
fender where the wheel well is and then
spray some black in the engine
compartment you can see it kind of
covers up and looks like brand-new then
go ahead and reinstall all the wire
harness and start hanging the rest of
the front sheet metal
you